                                        “Get back or stay on the side of the bridge where you belong”
                                        
    This was a very interesting read and showed me a way to view economics that I have not viewed before.  Studying economics, I have learned that the value of one thing is always measured by the value in something else.  In which case money, or paper currency, is the generally accepted way to value things.  Being born in the 20th century I have pretty much always viewed it that way.  It is interesting to be reminded that money is not the only currency.  Anything that is traded or used to exchange value is currency.  
    
	Although that is not the topic of his article, I think that helped me open my eyes to understanding what Buchanan was trying to say.  A lot of the things he said required prior knowledge of economic theories and principles.  I am aware of only a few.  However, I was very interested in what I understood as his point throughout this article. The point being, “Get back on the side of the bridge where you belong.” (Buchanan)
    
	That quote of Buchanan’s shows his passion for his view of economics.  An interesting concept is his view that economics should be the study of man and his behavior in the market place.  How two different things are valued by different people.  In fact, Buchanan stated that a better word for economics, true economics, should be simbiotics.  SImbiotics would mean, “equally beneficial relationship between two dissimilar organisms.  Economics the way it is today does not do what Buchanan believes economics was meant to do.  
    
	That is shown by his distaste for the “problem”.  It seems that economists are always working on fixing the “problem”.  That problem usually being the scarcity of resources and the allocation of those resources.  T.D. Weldon suggests that the word problem automatically infers that there is a solution, and economists make it their job to find the solution.  Buchanan believes it unnecessary to make that the purpose of economics.  
    
	Taking in everything that Buchanan has said in his article, I believe that he has a point.  Our country has been obsessed with solving the problem of scarcity that it is causing our economy to falter.  There are so many ways and opinions on how to fix our problems that it seems that our “solutions” to the “problem” have put us in an even bigger hole.  We need to remember not to focus on the allocation of scarce resources but to focus on our behavior in the marketplace.  Be it global, domestic, business to consumer, business to business, a local famer’s market, etc.  
    
	“Get back and stay on the side of the bridge where you belong.”  If you’re an economist, focus on being an economist.  Focus on exchange, on our people’s behavior in the market place.  Use that knowledge to help improve the world economically.  Don’t get messy with the things that economists do not need to get involved with.  I think that was his point, and I agree with him.
